hey there Alex here from the Super Smash
channel and it's monday monday funday
monday jun 2013 14 to be exact and we've
got our first pick of the week or pick
the day of the week yeah whatever you
get what I mean Sakurai says is this a
match made in heaven remember no matter
how big you maybe there's always someone
bigger I don't get the whole match made
in heaven part is it because they're
both two beautiful women so it's like
being in heaven I guess me maybe it's
like a reference to pack land I mean I
think that's where the fairies from uh
we even saw it for a second in pac-man's
reveal trailer but to be honest I never
really played it hell I never even heard
of pack land until now I mean everyone's
heard of like the original pac-man but
pack land is just I never heard of it
till now but I guess that's the whole
point of smash you know it's not just a
celebration of popular gaming icons but
of those not as well known as well and I
already see speculation of people saying
Sakurai hinting at a few characters in
this pic of the day is it a match made
in heaven rhythm heaven choirboys you
know just like the week or remember no
matter how big you maybe there's always
someone bigger like Ridley get it cuz
you know he's big but he's not too big
it all sounds ridiculous and crazy to me
but then again sakurai is a sneaky one
so yeah let me know what you think in
the comments below and don't forget to
Like and subscribe for more pic of the
day updates and other things smash
related alright see you guys
you